1.2.2 Aster
============

This is the second patch in the Aster 1.2 series.

Notable changes
----------------

* Add the in-use volume migration support in cinder.
* Add checklist in preflight playbook to minimize human errors.
* Add NFS-related two paramenters in cinder.
  Set nas_secure_file_operations and nas_secure_file_permission to false.
  It is recommended to set them to true but we need to make additional
  settings on storage backend when we set them to true.
  So we set them to false by default.
* Set high scheduling priority to etcd service.
  Etcd is a critical service in kubernetes cluster so we set cpu and disk io
  for etcd process to higher priority.
* Set calico blockSize to kube_network_node_prefix.
* Skip copying config files if exist when running prepare.sh script.

Burrito Changelog
------------------

* fix: add burrito.openstack role variables in defaults/main.yml; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* define nas_secure_* parameters in netapp_vars.yml.tpl and use them in cinder.yml.j2; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: skip copying config files if exist.; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* fix a bug in kubespray cni-calico.conflist.j2; It should check the calico_ipam_host_local boolean value; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: set calico blockSize to kube_network_node_prefix; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add burrito version in VERSIONS when create_tarball script runs; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* add VERSIONS file; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: change cron_volume_usage_audit to false in cinder; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* fix: containerd_insecure_registries default value depending on registry_enabled in vars.yml.sample; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: patch to set high scheduling priority to etcd service; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add etcd scheduling priority variables in vars.yml.sample; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* fix: add nas_secure_file_{operations,permissions} in cinder netapp backend; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add checklist variables in vars.yml.sample; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: import checklist in preflight playbook; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add preflight checklist playbook; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature: add the in-use volume migration support in cinder; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
