2.0.1 Begonia
==============

This is the first patch in the Begonia 2.0 series.

Notable changes
----------------

* Upgrade MariaDB to 10.11.7 (latest LTS version)

* Add enable_alwayspullimages variable in vars.yml 
  to make AlwaysPullImages admission plugin optional.
  The default value is true since it is recommended to include this plugin 
  for security.
  If you want to exclude this plugin, set this variable to false.

* Add install_barbican variable in vars.yml to make barbican installation
  optional. The default value is false since it is usually not necessary.
  If you want to install barbican, set this variable to true.

* Upgrade Asklepios(pod auto-healing service for non-graceful node shutdown)
  to 0.2.0. It includes a balancer to rebalance MariaDB/RabbitMQ pods 
  across the control nodes.

* Enhance OpenStack HA failover.

    - Upgrade openstack images to include the latest oslo.messaging for
      2023.1
    - Set replicas to 1 for cinder-scheduler, nova-scheduler, 
      nova-conductor, and placement services.

* Remove Descheduler installation since Asklepios replaces it.


Changelog
----------

* update mariadb version in VERSIONS; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* feature(openstack): upgrade mariadb to 10.11.7; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* fix(ceph): remove count from mon and mgr; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* change enable_alwayspullimages to true; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* upgrade asklepios image to 0.2.0; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* add pod get/list/delete rbac to asklepios cluster role; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* add balancer config variable; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* set placement replicas to 1; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* set conductor/scheduler replicas to 1; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* add never tag in burrito.descheduler; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* adjust nova liveness/readiness probes; (jijisa@iorchard.co.kr)
* add heartbeat_in_pthread: true in oslo messaging configuration; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* change btx imagePullPolicy to IfNotPresent; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature(k8s): make AlwaysPullImages plugin optional; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature(openstack): make barbican installation optional; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* change rpc_timeout back to 60; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* change descheduler_interval from 5m to 3m; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* adjust nova liveness/readiness values; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* feature(netapp): upgrade trident to 24.02; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* fix(vars): default_volume_type in cinder; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
* genesis registry: patch asklepios when control nodes > 1; (jijisa@iorchard.net)
